





	




	








No tolerance to stimulants. 

Taking daily supplement of L-tyrosine, arginine, 5-HTP, SAM-e.



Warning:

I have found that many people like to vaporise a-PVP. But I have found that smoke has a disgusting smell and is acts as an irritant on tissues. Next day after vaporisation I had sore, inflammated throat.

Please don't smoke this shit - it make cause big problems long-term. 



First experience:

ROA: Vaporisation 

Dosage: 4 mg + 2 mg + 2mg



T.

0.00 After breathing out the first 4 mg hit I immediately feel strong rush. It started with tingling and shivering over the body. My breathing got very slow and deep and my penis got erect. My limbs were moving involuntary in delightful manner. Rush lasted about 10 minutes and left me with racing thoughts and strong compulsion to redose.

+0.15 I smoke 2mg and feel almost the same effects as first time but lighter. I begin to notice vasoconstriction as my feet are cold and pale in color - I feel quite anxious and want to redose.

+0.25 Last 2 mg hit - rush was not impressive, but anxiety and vasoconstriction got even stronger.

+1.00 General stimulation, vasoconstriction and hypertension

+2.00 Stimulation begins to fade away

+5.00 Don't feel any stimulation but vasoconstriction is still there. I feel a bit tired. Comedown is quite easy.

+5.30 I smoke AB-FUBINACA and drink 0.2 l of Vodka it helps with vasoconstriction and calms me down.

+6.00 I fall asleep 



Personally I did not like the effects of vaporisation - rush is too edgy; effects on peripheral nervous and cardio systems are too strong; anxiogenic aswell.  



Second experience:



Dose: 10 mg + 5 mg + 5 mg

ROA: insufflated



0.00 I do the first 10mg line that has foul pyrrolidine smell; it hurts but it's nothing compared to 2c-'s or 4-FA.

+0.01 Start to feel the effects; they are more mellow and delicate with this ROA.

+0.05 Physical: Tingling, warmth, erection Mental: calm, clear and erotic feelings.

+0.30 I feel that euphoria fades away and anxiety shows up; I redose with 5 mg line and I'm calm and euphoric again. I begin to notice that this mellow euphory is really moreish

+1.20 I redose again with 5 mg line. Again I feel mild, calm euphoria but I also begin noticing vasoconstriction in my right foot.

+2.00 I got compulsion to redose, but I don't do it due to alerting cardio effects and anxiety.

+6.00 Stimulation begins to fade away leaving me with vasoconstriction and light depression.

+6.30 I smoke AB-FUBINACA and drink 0.2 l of vodka. I am more stoned than drunk and feel very calm. Feet are still cold but mentally I don't feel the comedown.



Overall I find a-PVP effects to be more on the norepinephrine side - if you have any cardio problems please don't use it. Bingeing on this can be dangerous.










