





	




	








This was and is a first for my dog Lucy.  We read and read as many experiences we could of previous users of the stuff.  We had no real comparison here as she's managed to stay away from meth, coke, crack etc.  Speedpaste and addys are as far as she goes.  



Crystals are slightly foggy and break up into a white, slightly sticky powder-ish form.  Wasn't expecting this part, as it left some sticky glue type residue on the blade she had used to crush some of it.  



Experience:  From her mouth to my finger-tips: 

Overall enjoyable.  



SERIOUSLY dose in moderation.  The stuff takes some time to kick in, similar to a gel tab and stays around for quite a while.  It had her off her ass and cleaning, organizing and working like crazy.  She made it through almost a full day of work in a 3 hour period.  She felt happy, talkative, smart and productive.  Main high lasted about 3 hours until it started to slowly wear off.  Elevated heart rate and restlessness began to  kick in and stick around for hours afterwards. Side effects which are not so desirable seem to stick around much longer after the high goes away.  The comedown isn't terrible in terms of a headache or anything, but damn it that poor girl's heart doesn't need to seriously calm the shit down.  She says she would recommend sleeping pills or similar as almost a must to have for the come down part. It sucks kinda hard for her that there is nothing like that in the house :(



Lastly she said she's been wanting to redose most the entire time.  We both know she shouldn't and so I have stopped her from this, but this stuff seems pretty addictive according to her.  Or very uh...binge prone inducing?



In careful moderation, She said she's curious to see if this can replace her 2 or so times a week usage of Adderall.



The experience:  SO glad we read up on this stuff as she was set to do a fat line about the size of a 30mg Addy crushed and cut into two.  She informed me this stuff is subtle and powerful.  'PLEASE ERR ON THE SIDE OF CAUTION AND BEGIN WITH SMALL DOSES!  PLEASE ALLOW ABOUT 45 MINUTES FOR FULL EFFECTS TO HIT YOU BEFORE RE-DOSING!' We aren't trying to tell you how to enjoy this stuff but unless you have experience with this chemical SPECIFICALLY, please take small amounts and work your way up with nice large breaks in between.  By the end of the 2nd hour you will most likely still be peaking but also feeling the crazy elevated heart rate.  We couldn't help but point that out and hope someone out here heeds the advice.  



No real noticeable taste through the straw, but she wiped clean the blade and put the residue directly onto her wet tongue and it tasted very odd is all she would say.  Sort of like a dead, old car battery that's been soaked in stagnant redbull.  Her words, not mine.  It wasn't too tasty, but didn't make anyone want to throw up.



She told us she didn't feel much of anything the first 15 minutes.  Then a slow and subtle force of productivity and energy began to take hold of her. She said it didn't feel like Adderall or Ritalin but something only remotely similar.  Her brain was firing on 800 cylinders!  She felt like a genius and started to handle some of the chore things around the house that are usually avoided.  She found them digging out and expanding their garden outside and planting the entire thing (first hour or so of usage) we were very talkative but it all felt natural and purposeful.  Music sounded SOOO GOOD on this stuff.  Very very good.  Nobody hear watched tv or sat still long, at least not until the end.



After the garden she said we should redose for the fuck of it someone needed their blood pressure pill (low daily dose of 10mg prescribed as preventative due to family history) to attempt to combat the pending racing of their heart.  She sat at the PC and started to fly through some ad designs she'd been working on for a client of someone's that had literally been halted for lack of solid design and ideas. Everyone was falling behind in their work because of this.  Here, she saw this thing with new eyes.  Ideas were flying left and right, faster than we could try them or even write them down.  It was GREAT, but almost to a fault the pace these great ideas were coming at everyone now.  It felt kinda hard to focus, but she did manage for a while.  Everyone got a LOT of work done that afternoon.  Stuff that she started to worry might never get done.  Felt like it turned her/we/everyone into a creative force of awesome.



The stuff lasts for quite some time.  Maybe next time no redosing for her.  The only problem is that the high of it, the productive, brain cells firing on all cylinders, everything is awesome phase beings to die after 2-2.5 or so hours and then one is left with a still racing heart and most likely some insomnia to go with the complete lack of appetite and dehydration.



We keep trying to force ourselves to drink water, but cant seem to make it happen?  Also seems to cause a gassy upset stomach.  But that's just this sampler here.  Stomach pains different from hunger pains and lots of burps and farts...just clean, non-smelling explelled air.



We'll leave with this.  We recognize that she has a somewhat addictive personality which is why she stays completely away from certain things and practice great moderation with others....except for herb I mean.  This stuff though it's only the end of the first day (middle of the night) of the first time she's had it. Still wide awake. Still lacking appetite but now stomach is growling.



She took it at 4 and 5:15 pm dosed at 25mg each.  We're male and Lucy is our incredible pitbull.  We would say we're early 30's.   Tall like 6 foot 2'-3' and weight at 170lbs so we're pretty fucking lanky.  



Past experiences:  Marijuana (lots)  Adderall (when we can get it) acid and shrooms about a half dozen times each.  Mostly in late teens early twenties and each one once recently in the last couple of months.  Speedpaste from the SR so purity is always up in the air as we don't have and don't intend to get reagent test kits.  She's picked up a 5-10 gram bag (speedpasted) on 3 occasions over the last year and enjoyed every wet drop with my SO.










